lints, renamed room_url, WebRtcConfig::new() (#88)
johanhelsing/matchbox: README.md

Similarly, you can send packets to clients using a simple non-blocking method.

### Matchmaking

> `matchbox_server` is a decent general purpose signalling server that supports a rudimentary form of matchmaking. The server supports the the `next` query to match users into "rooms" of that size. For instance, `?next=3` will conntect pairs of three players together to the same room, in the order the server discovers them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`matchbox_server` is a decent general purpose signalling server that supports a rudimentary form of matchmaking. The server supports the the `next` query to match users into "rooms" of that size. For instance, `?next=3` will connect groups of three players together to the same room, in the order they connect to the server.
```

You can also use a room slug for even more tailored matching.

> Matchmaking queue buckets differ for all 3 of the following examples:
> - `wss://match.example.com/room_a?next=2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matchmaking queue buckets differ for all 3 of the following examples:

- `wss://match.example.com/room_a?next=2`
```

Github markdown understands this, but I think other tools may treat it as a single paragraph?
